Replication strategy 
---------------------
1. simple replication : Does not have much control. based on the replication factor, number of nodes will be selected and the data will be replicated 
Choice of replication node will be based on the token and its hashcode. 
2. Network topology : In this approach, data will be replicated across multi racks. if the number of racks is greater than the replication factor. then data will be replicated in 1 node per rack 

Data consistency
----------------
ONE, TWO , THREE - these many number of replicas should respond 
QUORUM - majority of the nodes should response. for RF 4 --> (4/2)+1 --> 3 nodes should respond 
LOCAL QUOROM - Majority of the nodes with the DC 
EACH QUOROM -  Majority of the nodes from each DC 

Data Storage 
-------------
data storage is a 3 step process
1. Commit log : Data will be appended to this log. Once written, cassandra will ack the write request. 
2. Mem table : temporary table created in memory. From the commit log, data will be flused to mem table. One mem table for each active table
   Can be flushed from commit log based on a) periodic interval b) when the commit log is full and requests a flush 
3. SS table : Data being written to the disk. Compaction happens at this time. 

Compaction : 
This is the merging of multiple SS tables. If there are multiple entries for the same row, the latest one ill be consdiered and the obslete ones discarded. This saving space 

Data modeling
--------------
Partition key : responsible for data partition 
Clustering column : responsible for sorting the data  
Compound primary key : first field will be considered as the partition key and the second one will be the clustering col 
Composite key : ((1,2),(3,4)) --> 1 and 2 together forms the partition key. 3,4 are the clustering columns 

clustering column can be used for running range queries. if clustering column is not defined, then range queries are not possible. 

Secondary Index : 
This is an index that created on any column even after the table has been created. 
Table can be queried using sec index, even if that column is not part of the primary key. 
A sec index can be created on a column which is part of the composite primary key. 

BASE theorem : 
BA - Basically available - The database appears to work most of the time 
S - Soft state - Event though there is no input, the state of the data might change due to eventual consistency 
E - Eventually consistent - Over a period of time if there are no updates, the data will become consistent across all the nodes. 

CAP theorem : 
C- Consistency 
A - Availbility 
P - Partition Tolerence 
for any database, is very hard to staisfy all the above 3 properties . 
Examples - 
CA - RDBMS
AP - Cassandra 
CP - Mongo 

