1. Overriding method cannot reduce the visibility of the parent method 
2. Final method cannot be overridden 
3. Static method cannot be overridden. If a static method gets created in sub class  with the same signature, it is considered as an independent method. Does not have any connection with the parent method 
4. Child can throw any unchecked exception. NO restrictions. But checked exceptions should be narrower or same. Cannot broads the exception being thrown. 
5. Checked exceptions - those that will be checked during compile time. Can be fixed by using a try, catch block or  declaring throws in the method . Examples : File Not found , Class not found 
6. Unchecked exceptions. - These are not checked during compile time. Examples : Null pointer exceptions, ArrayIndexOut of bound 
7. When  a new object of child is created, an object of parent will not be created. 

Immutability : 
-------------
When making a class as immutable, primitive datatypes can be made immuatble by using the final keyword. However this will not be applicable for collections. 
In order to make a collection as immutable, either make the collection as immutable by using Collections.ImmutableList(). This will avoid a new object being assigned to the existing one 
Making the object as final will restrict adding new elements to the collection. 
However, the above two conditions will still make the collection as completely immutable as the objects within the collection can be modified externally. 
Only way to solve the above problem is to make the datatype of thae objects in the collection as Immutable. 
Adding an element to a immutable list will throw run time error. java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException 
Assinging a new object to a final collection will throw compile time error 


final keyword 
------------- 
Primitive types : cannot be altered once intialized 
collections : referenced objects can be modified if those are mutable 
method : cannot be overriden 
class : Cannot be inherited in a sub class 
A final variable can be declared without initializing. This is called blank final variable. In this case, the variable should be initialized from the constructor. If not, it will cause compilation error 
