Data Structures 
---------------
1. What are stacks and queues ? what is the difference between these 2? 
2. Which data structure can be used for a situation like the back button in your browser ?
3. What does dynamic array mean and can you give an implementation in java ?  
4. which implementation works better for inserts and why ? I do not care about the performance for reads or deletions. 

Java
----
1. What datatype is best suited for storing sensitive data ? for example String should not be used as this will remain in the string pool. use char array instead.  
2. Which Map implementation is best suited for multi threaded envs ? why ? 
3. How can we make hashmap thread safe ? What is the difference between concurrent hashmap and Collection.SynchronizedMap? 
4. Can we declare a final variable without initializing ? 
5. How to create an immutable class ? If he writes, ask him to add a collection and then ask him to make it immutable.  
6. How to ensure immutability on collections in an immutable class ? the collections generic class should be immutable. making it final, u will not be able to add new elements. making it immutable, new objects cannot be assigned. 
7. what are the 2 main types of cloning an object ? can u explain each of them ? 
8. what are the classifications of design patterns ? can u explain how u implmented any one of these in your previous project ?
9. What is the difference between a daemon thread and user thread ? 
10. What are checked and unchecked exceptions ? can you an example for each ? 
11. What is the need for a string builder or string buffer when i can just concat values to an existing string ? 

Spring
------
1. What is dependecny injection and what are its benefits? 
2. What are the 2 ways to implement DI to sprng? xml and annotation based. 
3. Can you name some of the spring annotation u have used in your projects ?
4. spring scopes ? 
5. are singleton bean thread safe ? if not how can we ensure singleton beans are thread safe ? 

Rest
----
1. what is idempotency ? 
2. what are the methods supported by rest ? explain each of them 

Angular-JS 
----------
1. Which version of angular have u used ? 

